DOC -> Add missing documentation for CloseSpider & CoreStats (#7421)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/extensions.rst

> Default: ``0``
> 
> A number which specifies a number of seconds. If the spider remains open for
> more than that number of seconds, it will be automatically closed with the
> reason ``closespider_timeout``. If zero (or non set), spiders won't be closed by
> timeout. Fractional values are supported (e.g., ``0.5``).

Reviewer: No strong opinion, but I feel like we can be more concise while keeping things clear enough:

```suggestion
Default: ``0.0``

If the spider remains open for more than this number of seconds, it will be
automatically closed with the reason ``closespider_timeout``. If zero (or non
set), spiders won't be closed by timeout.
```
